British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 5: Daily Routines and Free Time.
Lesson 6: Daily Routines and Free Time: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a writing task about classroom.
Today you will practise language connected to classroom.
Target language: can/can't.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for daily routines and free time. You will learn useful language connected to classroom and practise can/can't. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.